# Meeting Minutes - January 18th, 2023
## Meeting #1: 9 AM - üìç CSC B-10
### Attendees
 -   Yanlin
 -   Emmanuel
 -   William
 -   Zhixuan
 -   Youwei
### Discussion
- Sprint 1 Requirements
- Scheduled meeting for 9 PM with Wilson
-  Discussed Tech Stack

    - React
    - Django
    - SQL
    - Use a code formatter?
    - MUI/Tailwind CSS

- Product Owner - Emmanuel
- Scrum Master - William
- Backend/Frontend Preferences?
    
    - Zhixuan/David/Yanlin - Prefer backend
    - Not much of a preference for everyone else
    
- Discussed how we will work on Sprint 1‚Äôs design documents/requirements

## Meeting #2: 8:30 PM - üìç Zoom
### Attendees
NCA:

-   Qing
-   Judy
-   Steffi
-   Wilson

Students:

-   Vivek (TA)
-   William
-   Zhixuan
-   Param
-   Yanlin
-   Emmanuel
-   David
### Discussion
- Improve the database system
- Change home phone to be cell phone
- Add email field to student information
- Student registration: all fields are required (at least 1 phone number, preferably cell phone)
- Focus first on existing functionality
- Teachers can create report cards - Priority? (Unlikely as we will be focusing on the Admin tasks first)
- Set up slack with client for easier communication
