# Meeting Minutes - January 30th, 2023
## Meeting #1 - 9 AM - üìç CSC B-10
### Attendees
-   Vivek (TA)
-   William
-   Zhixuan
-   Param
-   Yanlin
-   Emmanuel
-   David

### Discussion
- Reviewed Sprint 1 documents
- Reviewed work done per students
- Discussed tasks for Sprint 2

### Action Items
- Change numbering scheme for user stories in backlog
- Sync user stories in backlog, project documentation, and Github issues
- Delete index page
- UML Class Diagram - Create relation between course, mark, and student?
- Sequence Diagram - Not enough scenarios
- Low-Fidelity User interface - Improve the UX, follow the design heuristics, create separate page for editing students
- Story Map - Add story numbers to the tasks
- Sprint Velocity - Calculate estimated sprint velocity